Removing L from ProofVerify input (#238)
decentralized-identity/bbs-signature: draft-irtf-cfrg-bbs-signatures.md

Definitions:

- R, is the non-negative integer representing the number of disclosed
     (revealed) messages.
- U, is the non-negative integer representing the number of undisclosed
     messages.
- L, is the non-negative integer representing the number of total,
     messages i.e., L = U + R.

Outputs:

- result, either VALID or INVALID.

Deserialization:

1.  proof_result = octets_to_proof(proof)
2.  if proof_result is INVALID, return INVALID
3.  (A', Abar, D, c, e^, r2^, r3^, s^, commitments) = proof_result
4.  W = octets_to_pubkey(PK)
5.  if W is INVALID, return INVALID
6.  U  = length(commitments)
7.  R = length(disclosed_indexes)
8.  L = R + U
9.  (i1, ..., iR) = disclosed_indexes
10. (j1, ..., jU) = range(1, L) \ disclosed_indexes
11. (msg_i1, ..., msg_iR) = disclosed_messages
12. (m^_j1, ...., m^_jU) = commitments

> Preconditions:s

Reviewer: Typo?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Preconditions:
```

This operation defines how to create a set of generators that form a part of the public parameters used by the BBS Signature scheme to accomplish operations such as [Sign](#sign), [Verify](#verify), [ProofGen](#proofgen) and [ProofVerify](#proofverify). It takes one input, the number of generator points to create, which is determined in part by the number of signed messages.

As an optimization, implementations MAY cache the result of `create_generators` for a specific `generator_seed` (determined by the ciphersuite) and `count` (which can be arbitrarily large, depending on the application). Then, during the execution of one of the [Core Operations](#core-operations), if `K` generators are needed with `K <= count`, the application can use the `K` first of the cached generators (in place of the direct call to `create_generators(K)`).

> **NOTE**: If cached, the order with which the generator points will be retrieved from the cache MUST be the same as the order they where originally returned by the `create_generators` operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: If the generator points are retrieved from cache, the order in which they are retrieved MUST be the same as the order they were originally returned by the `create_generators` operation.
```

For example, an application can save 100 generator points `H_1, H_2, ..., H_100` returned from `create_generators(100)`. Then if one of the core operations needs 30 of them, the application instead of calling `create_generators` again, can just retrieve the 30 first generators `H_1, H_2, ..., H_30` from the cache instead, in the same order they where originally created (starting from the first one).

> The values `n` and `v` MAY also be cached in order to efficiently extend a existing list of cached generator points.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The values `n` and `v` MAY also be cached in order to efficiently extend an existing list of cached generator points.
```
